[Music]
hello welcome to the English easy
practice course conversations
practices now you will listen to some
daily English conversations in different
places and
situations thus you will learn
vocabulary and improve your English
listening and speaking
skills let's get started
[Music]
good
morning good morning sir are you
enjoying your stay at our
hotel yes I am the staff is very polite
and our room is lovely my wife and I are
having a great time
I am happy to hear that can I help you
with anything this
morning yes you can my wife and I want
to go out for lunch today can you
recommend a nice
restaurant of course what kind of food
do you and your wife want to
eat my wife is a vegetarian so we want
to eat something with a lot of
[Music]
vegetables do you eat
fish yes we eat fish
do you like spicy
food my wife likes spicy food but I do
not what about a Japanese
restaurant their menu includes rice and
fish they also have many vegetables
dishes there are some spicy dishes and
some non-spicy
dishes that sounds
good there is an excellent Japanese
restaurant
downtown I can make a reservation for
you
now yes please can you also arrange for
a taxi to take us
there sure thing I will arrange for a
taxi to pick you and your wife up at
noon is that
okay that is perfect thank you no
problem
[Music]
hello are you enjoying the story please
give us a like thank
[Music]
you welcome to our
restaurant hello may we please have a
table for
two sure please follow me and I will
take take you to your
table is this your first time visiting
our
restaurant yes this is our first visit
your restaurant is very lovely the
decorations are
beautiful thank you so
much here is your table and here are
your
menus I will give you a few minutes to
decide what you want to
order can I get you anything to
drink yes may we please have a pot of
green
tea sure thing I will be back with a pot
of green
tea here is your green tea are you ready
to
order yes I think we are I will have the
daily
special that is a great
choice does it come with a soup or
Salad it comes with a soup but it does
not come with a
salad May I order a salad on the
side of course what kind of dressing
would you like I will have the house
dressing
please all right how about you sir what
would you like to
order I am still trying to decide
between the daily special and the salmon
platter what is your
recommendation well today's daily
special is
salmon oh then I will get the daily
special
that sounds fantastic would you also
like to add a salad on the side
sir no thank
you no problem is there anything else
that you want to add to your
order that will be all for
now all right I will go put in your
order now enjoy your green
tea we will thank you
[Music]
if you like this video give it a thumbs
up and hit the Subscribe button to
receive more like it in the
[Music]
future hello there can I help you with
anything hello I am looking for a new
book to
read you're in the right place
what kind of book are you looking
for I am looking for a book with a lot
of
action oh then I think you should look
for something in the adventure
section can you show me where the
adventure section
is of course just follow
[Music]
me here we are you can choose any of
these books to borrow
do you have any
recommendations what about this book
this book is about Pirates and Berry
treasure oh I already read this book
last
month did you enjoy
it it was exciting but it was very long
I prefer short
books then let's try to find a shorter
book what about this
one oh it looks very interesting
have you read this
book yes I read it last year it's a very
exciting book with a lot of
action the main character is a wizard
and he is really
funny that sounds great I will take this
one is there anything else that you
need no I just need this
book okay I can check it out for you now
let's go to the front
desk do you have a library
card yes I do here you
go thanks I will check this book out for
you
now okay here is your book the return
date is in 3
weeks thank you so much for your help I
am really excited to read my new
book I hope you enjoy it I will see you
again in 3
[Music]
weeks hey there what can I get for you
today hi I would like to order two
takeout drinks first can I have an
extra- large iced
coffee sure
thing what are your milk
options we have several milk options we
have regular milk skim milk fat-free
milk almond milk soy milk and oat
milk which option is the
healthiest it's tough to say it really
depends on your individual
needs well I am trying to lose
wait then I would recommend with skim
milk or fat-free
milk okay I will take skim milk
please no problem what would you like
for your second
drink I would like a medium iced vanilla
latte would you like skim milk in this
drink
too no thanks this drink is for my
colleague regular milk will be
fine will there be anything else for you
today no just those two drinks what's my
total after taxes your total comes to
$11.13 I would like to pay by credit
card here you
go do you also have a points
card yes but it is in my other purse
no worries you can just tell me your
phone number and I will be able to add
the points to your
account in that case my phone number is
63 great the points have been added
here's your card back your drinks will
be ready in a few minutes on the counter
to your
left thank you so
much have a great
day you too
[Music]
hello how are you
today hi there I'm good what about
you I'm doing great how can I help you
today I want to deposit a
check sure thing first can I have your
bank
card of
course great now please enter your PIN
personal identification number into the
card
reader
okay your PIN was accepted may I have
the check that you want to
deposit here you
go thanks I will enter in the
information please hold on for a moment
while I process your
check okay your check has been deposited
is there anything else that you need
today Yes actually I also want to find
out what my account balance
is no problem I will print out your
account balance on a
receipt okay here you are
thank you so much that will be all for
today okay have a great
day you too
[Music]
hi
there
hello do you know where the fiction
section
is I believe it is located near the back
of the
store ah okay
thanks no problem is there a specific
book that you were looking
for Yes actually I'm looking for
something thrilling and exciting these
days I'm really interested in mystery
fiction ah well there is a special sale
this weekend all books in the mystery
fiction section are half
price really it must be my lucky day can
you recommend any good mystery
authors I haven't read too much mystery
fiction but perhaps you can try out the
Sherlock Holmes
series I have read them before and I did
not find them too interesting I think I
would prefer to read a book by an author
who is a
woman well I've also heard that Agatha
Christie's novels are very popular she
has written more than 50 mystery
novels I have actually never read any of
her novels can you tell me which of her
novels you have in stock
today oh I'm sorry I actually don't work
here oh my you
don't no ma'am I'm just a man who loves
[Music]
bookstores you can practice English
whenever and wherever you
want just listen to our short stories
and answer the easy question out
loud you will improve your listening and
speaking skills fast
[Applause]
[Music]
do you have our shopping list
pin yes I
do all right let's go to the produce
section first do we need to buy any
vegetables yeah yes we need to buy five
different vegetables we need to buy
carrots onions broccoli cabbage and
mushrooms okay let's grab the vegetables
we
[Music]
need hey Dad the carrots are on
sale five carrots are usually $2 but
today we can buy 10 carrots for
$3 should we buy 10 carrots instead of
five no we shouldn't buy too much we
only need five
carrots okay
Dad do we need any
fruits yes we need bananas and apples
what about
oranges no we still have four oranges at
home wow you have a great memory Ben
let's grab a bunch of bananas and one
bag of apples what's next on the
list we need eggs and
cheese can you grab one carton of eggs
from the
Shelf yes I can
be careful Ben the eggs are very
fragile yes Dad I
know great job now what kind of cheese
should we buy
today what is your favorite type of
cheese I really like
mozzarella my favorite type is
cheddar then let's get marble cheese
it's a mix of cheddar and mozzarella
good idea now we just have one more item
on the
list we do what is
it it's a chocolate
bar a chocolate bar I don't remember
adding that to the shopping
list no that's because I added it it's
my reward for helping you with the
groceries today
well I can't argue with that you've been
a great help so you deserve
[Music]
it hello how can I help
you hey my girlfriend and I are trying
to decide which movie to watch
tonight well our theater is currently
showing seven different movies what kind
of genres are you interested
in he really wants to see a comedy but I
don't like funny movies I prefer romance
and
action I like action but I hate romance
movies they're very
boring what about an animated
movie maybe can you tell us more about
it well the animated movie is a about
animals that can dance and
sing isn't that a movie for
kids yes it
is we aren't interested in movies for
kids we want to watch something more
mature what about a horror
movie maybe what is the horror movie
about it's about zombies
is there a lot of
action yes it's a very exciting and
thrilling film there's a lot of action
but I should warn you there is also a
little bit of romance in the
movie really romance in a zombie
movie yes in fact the romance is between
a man and a
zombie that sounds hilarious we'll take
two tickets
[Music]
please now you are going to listen to a
conversation between two friends
Christine and
Ryan they are talking about their daily
routine activities after the
conversation I will also ask some
questions about
it try to answer the questions out
loud so you will improve your English
speaking skills
okay are you ready let's get
started hey Ryan over
here oh there you are Christine sorry
I'm
late that's no problem what held you
up I've just had a busy
morning oh
really yeah lately my mornings have been
packed full of things to do I'm feeling
overwhelmed I'm sorry to hear that what
all do you have to do every
morning well usually I sleep in past my
alarm because I'm too tired to get
up so my alarm goes off at 6 but I
usually hit the snooze for at least an
hour I normally get out of bed after
7 why are you so tired in the
morning hello are you enjoying the story
please give us a like thank
you it's my
fault I usually go out with my friends
for a drink at about 10: at
night and so I get back home after
midnight then I usually play video games
or look at social media until I finally
go to bed at
2: oh that's not good you should go to
bed
sooner I know I think I'm addicted to my
phone okay so how else is your morning
so
busy well as I said I usually wake up
too late
what
else as soon as I get up I have to take
my dog outside to go
potty then I usually throw the ball for
him so he can
exercise by then it is already 7:30 and
I still haven't eaten breakfast brushed
my teeth or gotten
dressed and my boss leaves for work at
7:45 that seems a little tight how far
is the bus stop from your
home it's a 5-minute walk if I walk fast
which I always
do I quickly get dressed and brush my
teeth and I usually skip
breakfast then I run out the door and
rush to the bus stop
if all goes well I arrive at work by
8:45 then I usually grab a candy bar or
a soda before starting
work then I work until lunch when I
usually go and get some fast food with
some
friends at the end of the workday I rush
home to play computer games for a few
hours before I order pizza or fast food
for
dinner after dinner I watch TV until
around
10:00 then it's time to hit the bar and
hang out with my
friends it sounds like you could change
your schedule
around that would help you be healthier
and have more
energy oh really what can I change
if you like this video and want to see
more videos like it be sure to subscribe
to our Channel thanks for
watching oh really what can I
change well you could go to bed
earlier after dinner consider watching
some TV before going to bed before
midnight
then you'll get at least two more hours
of
sleep I see but then when would I see my
friends yes you would miss out on seeing
your friends at the bar every
night you could consider asking them to
meet you after work before you eat
dinner or perhaps you can only see your
friends on the weekend
but when you go to bed earlier at night
you will wake up in the morning feeling
refreshed then you will have enough time
to eat a healthy breakfast before you
head out to the bus
stop that's a good idea I get very tired
in the mid
morning it may be because of the candy
and soda I eat when I get to work
yes skip the candy and
soda and also consider using your free
time in the morning to pack a healthy
lunch eating fast food every day isn't
just unhealthy it's also
expensive wow I can't wait to make these
changes in my daily routine I feel
better
already I'm happy to help
Ryan tell me Christine what does your
daily routine look
like I'm so glad you
asked I usually wake up at about 6 o' in
the
morning the first thing I do is drink a
big glass of water so I start the day
off feeling
hydrated after that I do some sort of
exercise for about 30
minutes I will either run do yoga or
lift
weights following that I take a shower
get dressed and put on my
makeup I then usually eat a light
breakfast of oatmeal or
eggs by that time it is usually about
8:00
I quickly pack a salad or sandwich for
my
lunch and then I ride my bike to work
which takes about 20
minutes when I get to work I like to
First Catch upon
emails then I check my calendar to see
what meetings I
have I work through the morning and then
I sit outside and eat the salad or
sandwich I packed for
lunch then I return to work for the
afternoon since I usually arrive early I
also leave a little bit early which
helps me to beat the
[Music]
traffic on the way home I often stop by
the store to pick up fresh food for
dinner in the evening I sometimes hang
out with friends or I will watch TV or
read I cook dinner and eat at about
7:00 and then I wind down before going
to bed at
10:00 wow that sounds like a very good
day are you able to fall asleep so
early oh yes because I exercise every
morning and ride my bicycle to and from
work I'm plenty tired by 10:00 at
night you know this was really helpful
Christine I think I may even buy a
bicycle and ride to work a few days per
week great idea Ryan just don't overdo
it consider changing your schedule one
step at a time so that you don't get
burnt out
I will do that say it's been really nice
chatting with you
Christine I think I will run to the
store and pick up some healthy food for
dinner thank you for meeting with
me anytime Ryan take
care
bye
bye okay back to the beginning with
questions you must answer every question
use your pause button and answer the
question then play
again you can answer with just one word
or two words it's okay short answers are
okay always answer the questions with a
strong
voice this is so
important when you do this you teach
your mind you teach your brain to be
confident when you speak English
your English will improve much much
[Applause]
faster why does Ryan usually sleep in
past his
alarm because he is too tired to get up
he sleeps in past his alarm because he
is too tired to get
up does Ryan sleep in p P his alarm
because he can't hear
it no he doesn't he doesn't sleep in
past his alarm because he can't hear it
he sleeps in past his alarm because he
is too tired to get
up what time does Ryan's alarm go
off at
6 his alarm goes off at
6 what time does Ryan normally get out
of
bed after
7 he normally gets out of bed after
7 does Ryan normally go to bed at 10:
every
night no he
doesn't he usually goes out with his
friends for a drink at about 10: at
night what time does Ryan get back
home after midnight he gets back home
after
midnight listen to the lessons
repeatedly to think in English and
automatic
speaking repetition is very very
important to become
fluent you need to speak English
fluently without translating in your
head the words should come out of your
mouth automatically
so this is where the repetition comes
in if you repeat the same vocabulary and
sentences many times you will become a
master of this vocabulary and
grammar so you will be able to use that
words automatically without thinking
about grammar rules and without
translating vocabulary in your
head in order to think in English you
must repeat vocabulary and sentences as
much as you can after lots of repetition
eventually you will start to think
English in your head and improve your
speaking
skills as I mentioned before we use the
question and answer method repeatedly in
our short story
lessons so you will listen to the
vocabulary and sentences many times in
the same
lesson if you want to complete your
practice of this story you can go to
englishcombe your listening and speaking
skills
fast and that's all for now see you at
englishy practice.com come
[Music]